Add project zip download links to READMEs (#559)
talkjs/talkjs-examples: react/linkedin-like-app/README.md

The app consists three parts:
- **Login:** This is the entry point of the app, where the basic data of the current user is collected
- **My Network:** This is similar to the "My Network" of LinkedIn. It displays a list of users. Each user has a "Message" button which you can use to start a conversation with the user. On click of the "Message button", a chatbox pops up to the right of the screen just like it is on LinkedIn
- **Messaging:** This is similar to the Messaging part of the LinkedIn app. All conversations a user has with other users appear here.

> [!TIP]
> [Download this example project as a zip file](https://github.com/talkjs/talkjs-examples/releases/latest/download/react.linkedin-like-app.zip)

## Requirements

To get this app running on your system, ensure that you are working with Node >= version 6 and npm >= version 5.2.

## Getting started

Here are the steps to get this app running on your system.
- Clone or [download this project](https://github.com/talkjs/talkjs-examples/releases/latest/download/react.linkedin-like-app.zip).
- Run `npm install`.

> - In the `Messaging.js` file, replace "MY_APP_ID" on line 30 with your APP ID gotten from your TalkJS dashboard at at https://talkjs.com/dashboard/login. Do the same thing in the `MyNetwork.js` file on line 25.

Reviewer: Quick fix of this one with a few weird things going on

```suggestion
- In the `Messaging.js` file, replace "MY_APP_ID" on line 30 with your app ID from the **Chat UI** tab of your TalkJS dashboard at https://talkjs.com/dashboard/login. Do the same thing in the `MyNetwork.js` file on line 25.
```
